gift of nil gift of old bless the
righteousness guide my hand against the
darkness my final stand
fire breath I want to get to know you a
little bit more you have many friends my
by your sister I play your dragons or
whatever if you ask me to I would be
hilarious
what are you doing what's it for
there's some serious stuff going down I
fine joints I hunt Giants
I feel joyous cool yeah that's it
dark omens are totally cool a giant
comes in place and takes everything from
you and when it's done it's like
anything that made your life good was
never even there Giants not real sweaty
I know that no one likes me I know that
everything I do looks crazy
this isn't real we're gonna save this
town there are times where you have to
ask yourself so I want to live my life
is a coward or a warrior
[Music]
best